# Project Discussion Notes
## November 15, 2022

### List of Attendees
- Sashwat
- Elise
- Shasta
- Clarissa
- Bradley
- Yangchen
- Sky
- Steven
- Zihang

### Links
**[Project Timeline]** (https://docs.google.com/document/d/1ftAjzyDihtLy-gTYkSZkHnD_dQ9gX-8rzK29jKTpQqk/edit?mode=html)

### Meeting Notes
* General Discussion
  * Component connections
  * Header section at top to navigate between pages
  * Include confirmation message when tasks have been added
* Deployment -> [Electron.js] (https://www.electronjs.org/) (need to figure out how we are interfacing with local storage)
* Dynamic Calendar Allocation: Want to generate schedule as tasks are being implemented
* Implementing schedule based on priority, hard deadline, soft deadline, duration, etc.

### Team Action Items (To Do List)
* Continue Sprint 2 Implementation
* In Person meeting Thursday @630 pm
* Create Website Styling ADR (Fonts, colors, headers, etc.)
* Team Status Video coming up
